### 4.d (65) Detecting contours of human organs in 3D CT images using the Canny edge detector (hint: link edges between image slices using 24-connectivity)
The image files, located in individual sub-folders of each patient of the CTMRI DB, show a certain part of the patient's body. Your task is to write a program for detecting contours of human organs in the 3D CT images from the CTMRI DB using the Canny edge detector. To fully complete the assignment you have to satisfy several requirements. The program has to accept the list of names of consecutive (neighboring) CT images from a sub-folder containing images of a certain part of the body of a patient (.png files of the database) as a parameter. The program has to detect edges in each image using the Canny edge detector. You have to determine both thresholds of the detector empirically. Then, the program has to perform edge linking in each image containing detected edges. (Instruction: during edge linking there is no need to calculate the gradient magnitude and angle arrays.) Finally, the program has to perform edge linking between consecutive images containing linked edges. (Instruction: link the edges between consecutive images using the 24-connectivity.) The output of the program is a sequence of binarized images after edge linking between consecutive images. Store the binarized output images into the .png files. The program has to display the sequence of the original images, the sequence of the images after edge linking and the sequence of the final images after edge linking between consecutive images. The program has to be tested using a sequence of at least 10 consecutive images of a certain part of the body of a patient from the CTMRI DB. Your discussions and conclusions regarding the use of the Canny edge detector for the task of edge detection in the 3D CT images have to be submitted in a document (.pdf) file. The .pdf file together with the source of your program has to be submitted during uploading the assignment. For 24-connectivity see below.
